README.md, before:

# short-news-compiler
React and Redux driven news site compiler. Application compiles news information so that one search term can be used to check the top results across multiple sites (rather than having to visit each site's website directly)


# Note : This is the BASIC FRAME as the rails/react part is NOT WORKING at the moment

- Main Github -- https://github.com/raiet13/short-news-compiler
    -> https://github.com/learn-co-students/react-redux-assessment-v-000

- Linking Rails and React
    -> https://www.fullstackreact.com/articles/how-to-get-create-react-app-to-work-with-your-rails-api/
    -> https://github.com/fullstackreact/food-lookup-demo/tree/master/client
    -> https://ide.c9.io/confizzed13/learn-redux-fullstackreact-example#openfile-README.md
    
- Labs with useful package.json dependencies and Gemfile gems
    - Redux Thunk / Babel / React
        -> https://learn.co/tracks/full-stack-web-development-v6/redux/async-redux/redux-thunk-lab
        -> https://github.com/raiet13/redux-thunk-lab-v-000/blob/master/package.json
    - Faraday / Dotenv
        -> https://learn.co/tracks/full-stack-web-development-v6/rails-and-javascript/consuming-apis/working-with-apis
        -> https://github.com/raiet13/rails-github-api-v-000/blob/master/Gemfile


# Major Links Using

- Invalid Host Header
    -> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43619644/i-am-getting-an-invalid-host-header-message-when-running-my-react-app-in-a-we
    -> https://medium.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server-middleware-security-issues-1489d950874a

Commit message:

rails/react set up complete but getting 'Invalid Host header' error that prevents the front end from working properly

README.md, after:

# short-news-compiler
React and Redux driven news site compiler. Application compiles news information so that one search term can be used to check the top results across multiple sites (rather than having to visit each site's website directly)


# Note : This is a WIP Workspace/Branch as the rails/react part is NOT WORKING at the moment



Invalid Host header

# Major Links Using

- Invalid Host Header
    -> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43619644/i-am-getting-an-invalid-host-header-message-when-running-my-react-app-in-a-we
    -> https://medium.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server-middleware-security-issues-1489d950874a

- Webpack-dev-server issues
    https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server/issues/230
        https://github.com/eloquently/react-boilerplate
    https://community.c9.io/t/fetch-api-error-when-using-webpack-devserver-proxy/14645
        https://community.c9.io/t/open-the-running-aplicaction-react-webpack/15273/2
        https://community.c9.io/t/getting-webpack-dev-server-to-run-in-cloud9/12731
            http://aalvarez.me/blog/posts/using-rails-with-webpack-in-cloud-9.html
